Rewrite a lot of things for better clarity (#2)
KolbyML/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7718.md

### Content Keys and Content IDs

Content keys are used to request or offer specific content data. As such the content key and content data can be thought of as a key-value pair with nodes in the network storing the content data and the content key being the identifier used to request and retrieve the data.

Each sub-protocol defines the set of supported content keys and the corresponding data payloads for each content key.  The encoding of content keys is defined at the sub-protocol level.

Content keys are passed in their encoded format as byte strings to the messages defined in the Portal wire protocol.

Content IDs are derived from the content key.  The Content ID can be represented interchangeably as either a 32 byte value or a 256 bit integer.  The Content ID defines the address of the content in the DHT.  The function for deriving the Content ID from a content key is defined at the sub-protocol level.

#### SHA256 Content ID Derivation Function

> The SHA256 Content ID derivation function is defined here for convenience as it is the most commonly used:

Reviewer: Perhaps we could say that it is the default one used, unless specified differently by subnetwork specifications?

```
content_id = sha256(encoded_content_key)
```

> ### Transmission of data that exceeds the UDP packet limit

Reviewer: nitpick but more correct ;)

```suggestion
### Transmission of data that exceeds the Node Discovery Protocol v5 packet limit
```

The transmission of data that is too large to fit a single packet is done using [uTP](../assets/eip-7718/bep_0029-rst_post.pdf).

> > The Portal wire protocol currently implements uTP over the `TALKREQ/TALKRESP` messages.  Future plans are to move to the [sub-protocol data transmission](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/issues/229) in order to use a protocol native mechanism for establishing packet streams between clients.

Reviewer: It has been a while that I looked into that but iirc it is rather about out of band key session setup and not the actual stream/reliable transport setup.

edit: which would of course allow for a more "protocol native mechanism" to be implemented.
